Nothing reads this file. Paste everything below the line into App Store Connect
under App Review Information > Notes, on the version being submitted.
store.config.json has an apple.review.notes field that would carry it there
automatically, but that field also demands a contact name, email and phone, and
none of those are committed to this repository.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

WHAT THIS APP IS
pew2 is a remote control for coding agents that run on your own computer. It is the phone half of a two part tool. The other half is a free command line program the user installs on their Mac, Windows or Linux machine with one command. The app has no accounts or hosted conversation database. An optional relay forwards encrypted session traffic, and remote notifications use Expo and Apple.

WHY THE APP SHOWS A PAIRING SCREEN ON FIRST LAUNCH
On launch the app asks you to scan a pairing code. That code is produced by the command line program on the user's own computer. Without a computer running it there is nothing for the app to connect to, in the same way a TV remote does nothing without a TV. This is the intended design and not a defect or a paywall.

HOW TO TEST IT
The fastest path, on any Mac, takes about a minute:

1. Open Terminal and run:
     curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KenKaiii/pew2/main/install.sh | sh
2. Run:
     pew2 setup
   It finds any coding agents already installed, starts a local service, and prints a QR code.
3. Open pew2 on the device, tap Pair, and scan that QR code.

The app then shows the agents on that computer and you can start a conversation with one. If the computer has no coding agent installed, step 2 prints the command to install one.

If a reviewer would prefer a machine to be running and waiting so that only step 3 is needed, please reply to this note and one will be provided with a pairing code, at a time that suits the review.

ENCRYPTION
Traffic between the phone and the computer is end to end encrypted with XChaCha20-Poly1305 from the @noble/ciphers library. Only standard cryptography is used and none of it is proprietary. When the two devices are not on the same network the traffic passes through a relay that can only see ciphertext.

PERMISSIONS
Camera is for scanning the pairing code and for taking a photo to send to an agent. Photos is for attaching an image and saving one an agent returns. Microphone and speech recognition are for dictating a message, using the on device recogniser. Notifications tell the user when an agent has finished or needs an answer. Prompts and attachments go to the user's chosen agent through the encrypted connection. With remote push registered, the computer sends finished-turn notifications through Expo to APNs even while the app is open. Expo and Apple handle the project or agent name, a short excerpt from the final response, a session identifier, and a push delivery address; these payloads are not end to end encrypted. Agent providers have their own data practices. The privacy policy is accessible before pairing and in the connected app's sidebar.

SOURCE CODE
The entire app, command line tool and relay are open source under AGPL-3.0 at https://github.com/KenKaiii/pew2 if anything needs verifying.
